This is the rescue you two idiots brought in
Ah!
How about brother brother brother
How did that happen?
It was you who saved us, otherwise what?
Ghosts saved us saved you
I can't avenge you with kindness
Can't beat us
Get out of the way if you know
It's a big delay, you can't afford it
I think they're pretty good
Are we weak?
It's better to hang out with them
Uh uh tell them tell them hey
Can our brothers discuss that?
Anyway, we are like street mice
The one who is hiding is
This is not the way
Just let's recognize you as big brothers in the future
Hang out with you
You
It's really different from the attitude just now.
That would be fine.
Everyone coexists peacefully
It's powerful to people
I think so.
I'll mess with you in the future, yeah
We'll follow you wherever you go.
I need to go to the chemistry lab now
I know come with me I know